Virtual applications docs #441 (#442)
enonic/doc-xp: docs/cms/sites.adoc

A highly central component of the XP CMS are sites.
Site is shipped as a standard content type, which means it can easily be created and added by editors.

> However, sites have an ability to let you add applications to them. Site applications isolated from <<projects#, projects>> applications and can't be inherited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, sites have an ability to let you add applications to them. Site applications isolated from <<projects#, projects>> applications. If a site needs an application from its project - add the application to the site.
```

> However, sites have an ability to let you add applications to them. Site applications isolated from <<projects#, projects>> applications. If a site needs an application from its project - add the application to the site.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sites can also have applications assigned to them. Site applications are isolated from <<projects#, project>> applications. If a site should use an application already assigned to its project, you must assign the application directly to the site.
```
